# Conclusion (See the PDF in files)

In this paper, the wild and alternate type of the SBDS protein was
extensively discussed, analyzed, and compared and contrasted. The 2L9N
base model was used to simulate both systems, with the alternate type's
19th residue mutated from Arginine to Glutamine. Its implications were
loss of flexibility in the overall protein, an overall destabilization
of the protein domains, and a predicted loss of functionality in the RNA
binding site in the N-terminal FYSH domain, possibly due to a decrease
in volume and solvent accessible surface area indicated by further
analyses. The alternate type is significantly less stable. The overall
findings are verified by other sources whereas its detailed explanations
can use an further discussion. The heavily inspected movement of the
N-terminal domain imitates the findings of Spinetti et. al. and values
such as RMSD and RMSF fit their plots. For further studies, I would
suggest a similar experiment like that of Oliveira et. al. be done with
the wild and alternate type: submerging the equilibrated systems in rRNA
saturated solutions and analyzing domain based and binding site
activation. This would shed further light into the role of the
C-terminal domain for the SBDS protein as well as that has been yet to
be completely resolved. Not only that, but more importantly this will
provide insight onto the role of the shape and volume of the N-terminal
domain in RNA binding, possibly confirming predictions made in the
Further Analysis section of Discussion. However, it should be noted that
the equilibrated alternate type here is, as indicated by Spinetti et.
al., a local minima and that before proceeding with any such experiments
the truly equilibrated alternate type of 2L9N should be attained. If
provided a truly equilibrated wild and alternate type, further studies
could saturate the solution with rRNA and graph the interactions of the
designated binding sites or overall any other sites with the rRNA. If
ran for a significant while, this study will provide what for what parts
of the protein does rRNA possess most affinity and what parts of the
protein possess most affinity for rRNA. Thereby we can confirm for once
and for all the functions of domains of SBDS in rRNA binding and observe
the mutations affects on rRNA binding affinity, possibly providing
insight onto why binding site functionality may be impaired.
